Add Alpine locale information for Postgres 15 (#2220)
docker-library/docs: postgres/content.md

Since database initialization only happens on container startup, this allows us to set the language before it is created.

Also of note, Alpine-based variants starting with Postgres 15 support [ICU locales](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/15/locale.html#id-1.6.11.3.7). Previous Postgres versions based on alpine do *not* support locales; see ["Character sets and locale" in the musl documentation](https://wiki.musl-libc.org/functional-differences-from-glibc.html#Character-sets-and-locale) for more details.

> You can extend the Alpine-based images with a simple `Dockerfile` to set a different locale. The following example will set the default locale to `de_DE.utf8`:

Reviewer: Heh, @yosifkit missed part of this in his zeal to convert from `Dockerfile` to `docker run` :smile:

```suggestion
You can set locales in the Alpine-based images with `POSTGRES_INITDB_ARGS` to set a different locale. The following example will set the default locale for a newly initialized database to `de_DE.utf8`:
```

Since database initialization only happens on container startup, this allows us to set the language before it is created.

Also of note, Alpine-based variants starting with Postgres 15 support [ICU locales](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/15/locale.html#id-1.6.11.3.7). Previous Postgres versions based on alpine do *not* support locales; see ["Character sets and locale" in the musl documentation](https://wiki.musl-libc.org/functional-differences-from-glibc.html#Character-sets-and-locale) for more details.

You can extend the Alpine-based images with a simple `Dockerfile` to set a different locale. The following example will set the default locale to `de_DE.utf8`:

> ```dockerfile
> FROM %%IMAGE%%:15-alpine
> ENV POSTGRES_INITDB_ARGS "--locale-provider=icu --icu-locale=de-DE"
> ENV LANG de_DE.utf8
> ```

Reviewer 2: ````suggestion
```console
$ docker run -d -e LANG=de_DE.utf8 -e POSTGRES_INITDB_ARGS="--locale-provider=icu --icu-locale=de-DE" -e POSTGRES_PASSWORD=mysecretpassword %%IMAGE%%:15-alpine 
```
````
Could just be a `docker run` instead? I'm not certain it needs to be one or the other. I default to a `docker run` for things that can reasonably be done with it (i.e. when not installing packages or modifying files).
